README.md, before:

# About
This repository provides a graphical user interface for the Framed Autonomy Tool described by [Acitelli et. al (2025)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.is.2025.102573).
It takes process models in ".pnml" and ".decl" format, as well as a Prefix, and provides an optimal plan.

# Getting Started


## Preliminiaries
The tool is known to work with Java 17.
In order to run the Planner component, python3 is required 

In order to run the Framed Autonomy tool, download the JAR file [here] (https://github.com/giacomo1096/FramedAutonomyTool/blob/79dcaaa88d8f51f28e64723c8650e8d166f6ff9e/tool/FramedAutonomyTool.jar) and put it into the same directory as the launcher project.

Additionally copy the two PDDL Domain files [domain_no_reset.pddl](https://github.com/giacomo1096/FramedAutonomyTool/blob/79dcaaa88d8f51f28e64723c8650e8d166f6ff9e/tool/domain_no_reset.pddl) and [domain_with_reset.pddl](https://github.com/giacomo1096/FramedAutonomyTool/blob/79dcaaa88d8f51f28e64723c8650e8d166f6ff9e/tool/domain_with_reset.pddl) into the same directory as the launcher.

Additionally, download the Fast Downward Planner ([here](https://www.fast-downward.org/latest/)), and compile it into a directory called "fast-downward".
More information on how to install the Fast Downward can be found [here](https://github.com/aibasel/downward/blob/main/BUILD.md.)

Commit message:

Added setup for apptainer version of planner

README.md, after:

# About
This repository provides a graphical user interface for the Framed Autonomy Tool described by [Acitelli et. al (2025)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.is.2025.102573).
It takes process models in ".pnml" and ".decl" format, as well as a Prefix, and provides an optimal plan.

# Getting Started


## Preliminiaries
The tool is known to work with Java 17.
In order to run the Planner component, python3 is required 

In order to run the Framed Autonomy tool, download the JAR file [here] (https://github.com/giacomo1096/FramedAutonomyTool/blob/79dcaaa88d8f51f28e64723c8650e8d166f6ff9e/tool/FramedAutonomyTool.jar) and put it into the same directory as the launcher project.

Additionally copy the two PDDL Domain files [domain_no_reset.pddl](https://github.com/giacomo1096/FramedAutonomyTool/blob/79dcaaa88d8f51f28e64723c8650e8d166f6ff9e/tool/domain_no_reset.pddl) and [domain_with_reset.pddl](https://github.com/giacomo1096/FramedAutonomyTool/blob/79dcaaa88d8f51f28e64723c8650e8d166f6ff9e/tool/domain_with_reset.pddl) into the same directory as the launcher.

Additionally, download the Fast Downward Planner ([here](https://www.fast-downward.org/latest/)), and compile it into a directory called "fast-downward". A full description on how to install the Fast Downward can be found [here](https://github.com/aibasel/downward/blob/main/BUILD.md). This is a little bit more involved for Windows Users, as it involves installing [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/de/vs/older-downloads/), [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/) (make sure it is set in your PATH variables!) and [CMake](http://www.cmake.org/download/). 

Alternatively you can execute the file "setup_planner", which will install the 'Apptainer' (formerly Singularity) image of the planner.
For windows this requires 'WSL' (Windows Subsystem for Linux), which should come pre-installed with Windows 10 or newer.
